New tutorial for payment channel example (#67)
hyperledger-labs/perun-doc: source/go-perun/new_tutorial/main/run.rst

Environment
...........

As we mentioned earlier, we need the `chainURL` and `chainID` to identify the blockchain we want to work with.
In this case, we use the standard `ganache-cli` values.
Additionally, we require three private keys.
On the one hand, a party that is deploying the contracts.
On the other hand, Alice and Bob that want to use our payment-channel.

.. code-block:: go

    const (
        chainURL = "ws://127.0.0.1:8545"
        chainID  = 1337

        // Private keys.
        keyDeployer = "79ea8f62d97bc0591a4224c1725fca6b00de5b2cea286fe2e0bb35c5e76be46e"
        keyAlice    = "1af2e950272dd403de7a5760d41c6e44d92b6d02797e51810795ff03cc2cda4f"
        keyBob      = "f63d7d8e930bccd74e93cf5662fde2c28fd8be95edb70c73f1bdd863d07f412e"
    )

Scenario
........
We want to execute some payments between Alice and Bob in our scenario using the payment-channel.
Note, that for simplicity, all balances are interpreted as the smallest possible Ethereum unit (Wei, 1 Wei = 0.000000000000000001 ETH).

#. We start with the deployment of the contracts by calling deployContracts() with the corresponding arguments. This supplies us with the `adjudicator` and `assetHolder` addresses.

> #. Next we generate a new bus via `wire.NewLocalBus()` provided by go-perun and call the `setupPaymentClient()` functionality for both Alice and Bob.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Next we create a new message bus via `wire.NewLocalBus()`, which will be used by the clients to communicate with each other. Then we call the `setupPaymentClient()` functionality for both Alice and Bob.
```

#. Then the balance logger is initialized via `newBalanceLogger()` and `LogBalances()` prints the initial balance of both Clients.
#. Further, Alice opens a channel with `OpenChannel()` with her peer `bob` and the initial funds she wants to put into this Channel. Bob fetches this new Channel from his registry by calling `AcceptedChannel()`.

> #. Now is everything set up, and we let Alice and Bob exchange a view Wei back and forth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Now everything is set up, and we let Alice and Bob exchange a view Wei back and forth.
```

Author: a "few"

    KEY_DEPLOYER=0x79ea8f62d97bc0591a4224c1725fca6b00de5b2cea286fe2e0bb35c5e76be46e
    KEY_ALICE=0x1af2e950272dd403de7a5760d41c6e44d92b6d02797e51810795ff03cc2cda4f
    KEY_BOB=0xf63d7d8e930bccd74e93cf5662fde2c28fd8be95edb70c73f1bdd863d07f412e
    BALANCE=100

    ganache-cli --host 127.0.0.1 --port 8545 --account $KEY_DEPLOYER,$BALANCE --account $KEY_ALICE,$BALANCE --account $KEY_BOB,$BALANCE --blockTime=5 --gasPrice=0

The chain is running when you see an output like this:

.. code-block:: console

   Ganache CLI v6.12.2 (ganache-core: 2.13.2)

    Available Accounts
    ==================
    (0) 0xe84d227431DfFcF14Fb8fa39818DFd4e864aeB13 (~0 ETH)
    (1) 0x56FD289cEe714a5E471c418436EFA63E780D7a87 (~0 ETH)
    (2) 0x6536425BE95A6661F6C6f68D709B6BE152785Df6 (~0 ETH)

    Private Keys
    ==================
    (0) 0x79ea8f62d97bc0591a4224c1725fca6b00de5b2cea286fe2e0bb35c5e76be46e
    (1) 0x1af2e950272dd403de7a5760d41c6e44d92b6d02797e51810795ff03cc2cda4f
    (2) 0xf63d7d8e930bccd74e93cf5662fde2c28fd8be95edb70c73f1bdd863d07f412e

    Gas Limit
    ==================
    6721975

    Call Gas Limit
    ==================
    9007199254740991

    Listening on 127.0.0.1:8545

> You can see Alice's and Bob's addresses starting with `0x56F…` and `0x653…` having both ~0 *ETH*.

Reviewer: hm, we could also change the code to use ETH values. what do you think?
